PICTORY PARTNER PROGRAM AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS PARTNER PROGRAM AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.

SHORT FRIENDLY VERSION

We pay you for paying customers you send to us so long as we are able to track them; we use very clever software to do that.

Payments start after you refer your second paid subscriber.

We pay you via PayPal however if you don't have a PayPal account there are other options, see section 2 below.

We pay you on or around the first working day of the month 30 days after we get paid in case the customer refunds, which they don't do very often.

We don't pay commission on subscriptions for your own use, and our software automatically spots people who try.

We'll send you free training and assets automatically when you sign up, and they're very cool.

If you intend running paid advertising campaigns, please read section 4 below carefully as there are restrictions & you’ll need to get our permission first.

Please don't set up websites or forward domains which include 'Pictory' or anything similar.

We're not exclusive partners; feel free to date others.

You may have only ONE Partner account.

Please respect our trademarks as lawyers cost a fortune.

You need to drive at least one new sale every ninety (90) days in order to keep your Partnership status with us

Please don't spam & play nicely or we may have to close your affiliate account, and we really, really  don't want to do that.

FULL LEGAL VERSION

These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between Pictory Corp. ("Pictory Corp.", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("Affiliate", “Partner”, "you" or "your"). It describes how we will work together and other aspects of our business relationship.

By signing up as a partner and thereby joining the PROGRAM, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement at all times. 

We periodically update these terms, the most up to date terms will be posted here, it is your responsibility to check back regularly to ensure you remain in agreement and compliance.

Violation of any of the Account Terms below may result in the termination of your Partner Account and forfeiture of any outstanding affiliate commission payments earned during the violation. You agree to use the PROGRAM at your own risk.

1) Affiliate / Partner link and code (where applicable)

You will only be eligible for a commission payment for customer transactions that are resulting from the leads generated by the affiliate link or the discount code that we provide you if your level qualifies for such a code.

Cookies used as part of the affiliate link have a set duration of 60 days from the first qualifying click. If a potential customer clears their cookies during this period, Pictory shall not be liable for any commissions that may have been owed to you.

Attribution is based on the affiliate tracking system and may be supported or overridden by Pictory’s internal systems. In cases of conflicting attribution, Pictory reserves the right to determine final attribution at its sole discretion.

Once we receive the affiliate lead information, it will be stored in our database and may be part of the customer engagement process.

2) Payment terms

The start of the customer’s subscription is determined by the date of the first purchase of the subscription service by the customer. You will receive a commission payment commensurate with your applicable level at the time the customer purchases, for the life of the subscription revenue resulting from a monthly or an annual plan. 

Payments start after you refer your second, valid paid subscriber to us.

No commissions will be paid for subscription plans which are for your own use.

Subscriptions are eligible for commission payout 30 days after cleared funds have been received from the customer.

Payments are made on or around the first working day of the month after the date they become eligible for commission - for example if a sale is made on the 4th of July, you will receive payment on or around the first day of September.

If the customer wants to cancel the subscription and is eligible for a refund, the commission will be calculated on the net revenue only.

You are responsible for payment of all taxes and fees (including bank fees) applicable to the commission.

We pay via PayPal by default however we recognise that in some territories PayPal is not available therefore we offer the option of being paid directly into your bank account once you have accrued at least $1,000 in commission eligible for payment and have completed the relevant W8/W9 Tax Forms.

3) Training and support

As a part of this PROGRAM, we may make available to you various marketing resources such as – product videos, webinars, blogs etc.

We expect you to encourage your sales team and other relevant personnel to participate in them from time-to-time. We may change or discontinue any or all parts of the training and support, benefits or offerings at any time without notice.

4) Pay-Per-Click (“PPC”) Restrictions

Unless Pictory first gives you written permission, you agree to comply with the following restrictions:

4.1 Search Terms

Without prior consultation and written confirmation of approval, you may not bid on any of our Restricted Terms (defined below), including any variations or misspellings thereof for search or content- based campaigns on Google, Bing, MSN, Yahoo, Facebook or any other network.

“Restricted Terms”

 means any of the following terms: Pictory, Pictoryai, Pictory.ai, www.Pictory.ai, Pictory coupon, Pictory.ai coupon, Pictory discount code, Pictory.ai discount code, Pictory discount, Pictory.ai discount, Pictory promo code, Pictory.ai promo code, Pictory sale, Pictory.ai sale, Pictory promo, Pictory.ai promo, Pictory sales, Pictory.ai sales, Pictory deals, Pictory.ai deals.

You may not use our Restricted Terms, including any variations or misspellings as per above in sequence with any other keyword.

You may not use our Restricted Terms in your ad title, ad copy, display name or as the display URL.

You may not use any of our trademarked terms as part of the domain or sub-domain for Your Website.

You may not direct link to the Site from any PPC ad or use redirects that yield the same result. Customers must be directed to an actual page on Your Website.

You may not bid in any manner appearing higher than us for any search term in positions 1-5 in any auction-style PPC advertising program.

If you automate your PPC campaigns, it is your responsibility to exclude our trademarked terms from your marketing and related activities and we strongly suggest you add our trademarked terms as negative keywords.

We have a strict no tolerance policy on unapproved PPC trademark bidding.

4.2 Graphical Assets

You may use any of the graphical assets which we provide under the 'Assets' tab in your Affiliate Dashboard in your PPC campaigns however these are the ONLY graphics you may use. You cannot create your own (This is to allow us to maintain control over our branding and messaging).

We will not enter a discussion about when the violation started and when it stopped; you will forfeit all Affiliate Fees for a minimum of the past 30 days, your Affiliate Fee balance will be set to $0 without warning, and we may terminate your participation in the Program at our discretion. 

5) Domain Forwarding Restrictions

The use of domain forwarding is allowed, for instance YourDomain.com > Pictory.ai, however YourDomain, or any of its subdomains, must not include the word Pictory, Pictoryai or any other name owned by Pictory. For example forwarding BestVideoEditor.com to Pictory.ai is allowed, however forwarding PictorBestVideoEditor is not.

6) Non-Exclusivity

This Agreement does not create an exclusive agreement between you and us.

7) Permitted accounts

You are only permitted to maintain a single account. Creating multiple affiliate accounts for any reason, including but not limited to, the intention to increase commissions, deceive the Company, or otherwise circumvent the terms of this Agreement, is strictly prohibited.

8) Partnership period

An affiliate lead is not considered valid if its first click on the affiliate link is after this agreement has expired or terminated.

You are required to drive at least one new sale every ninety (90) days in order to remain as a Pictory Partner, if this is not achieved we will automatically terminate your account

Pictory reserves the right to remove inactive affiliates or revoke commission eligibility for accounts that do not meet activity thresholds.

9) Intellectual property rights

This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by Pictory Corp. or third parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Pictory Corp. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our website or services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Pictory Corp. or Pictory Corp. licensors.

Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our website or services may be the trademarks of other third-parties. Your use of our Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Pictory Corp. or third-party trademarks.

10) Third party digital content - Images and Video footage

Content is for digital use within Pictory only and may not be used for printing or any other use.

You and/or customers referred by you may not use the content as a trademark for a business. You may not portray a person in a way that may be offensive, including: in connection with adult-oriented services or ads for dating services; in connection with the promotion of tobacco products; in connection with political endorsements; with pornographic, defamatory, unlawful, offensive or immoral content; and as suffering from, or being treated for, a physical or mental ailment. You may only use the content in campaigns and content created on Pictory, and not with other websites or content services.

11) Pictory Ambassador Activities

If you are designated as a Pictory Ambassador you agree to be bound by the terms and act within the spirit of the Pictory Ambassador agreement that you sign upon acceptance.

12) Spam

You may use banner advertisements, button links and/or text links to our site (the "Links"), however, you CANNOT SPAM.

Any activity by you or on your behalf that we determine or reasonably suspect to be the result of an unsolicited bulk e-mail program, inappropriate submission of webforms or any other spamming activity (manual or automated) will result in your immediate termination from the PROGRAM and your forfeiting of monies otherwise due you hereunder.

13) Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold Pictory Corp. and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third-party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your content, your use of the website or services or any willful misconduct on your part.

14) Dispute resolution

The formation, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of it shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of Washington, United States without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of the United States. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the courts located in Washington, United States, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. You hereby waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement

15) Termination

Pictory, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the PROGRAM, or any other Pictory service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all potential or to-be-paid commissions in your Account if they were earned through fraudulent, illegal, or overly aggressive, questionable sales or marketing methods. Pictory reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.

Additionally, Pictory in its sole discretion has the right to terminate the PROGRAM at any time. If the PROGRAM is terminated, payment of any future commissions are terminated including recurring payments for prior referral purchases.

Changelog

May 4th 2026 - Pictory Partner Program was updated to transition from a recurring commission structure to a one-time commission model, introducing a 40% commission on the first transaction only. The cookie window was reduced to 60 days, sales-led and B2B transactions were excluded from commission eligibility, and attribution rules were clarified to ensure consistent and accurate tracking.

13th Feb 2023 - Renamed to Pictory Partner Program Agreement, updated with information about the Pictory Ambassador program (point 11), minimum sale requirements, direct payment terms and language changed to reference Partner Program

8th July 2023 - Updated to clarify number of permitted accounts.

21st June 2023 - Updated with second paid subscriber clause for payouts.

8th June 2023 - Updated paid advertising conditions to prevent misrepresentation of brand.

18th January 2023 - Additional payment options added to section 2.

5th January 2023 - Removal of requirement for 2 sale minimum and clarification of payment terms in section 2.

4th November 2022 - Updates to PPC terms and conditions clarifying use of graphical assets.

3rd November 2022 - Fixed typos and clarified position on self-referrals.

28th July 2022 - Added a shorter, more friendly summary at the top.

13th July 2022 - Update to clarify minimum number of paying customers required for payout.

26th June 2022 - Update to domain forwarding restrictions.

24th June 2022 - Update to spam policy.